---
title: "Autodesk University 2024 The design and Make Conference "
collection: talks
type: "Conference Talk"
permalink: https://www.autodesk.com/autodesk-university/class/Optimizing-Revit-Structural-Intelligent-Models-with-Large-Language-Models-and-Autodesk-Platform-Services-2024
venue: "San Diego Convention Center"
date: 2024-10-15
location: "San Diego,California,USA"
---

[More information here](https://www.autodesk.com/autodesk-university/class/Optimizing-Revit-Structural-Intelligent-Models-with-Large-Language-Models-and-Autodesk-Platform-Services-2024)

Introduced Silman Colab, Computational design Research Group at Silman TYLin and my current work on Optimizing a Structural 
Truss System for Cross-section and Embodied Carbon Emissions using Genetic Algortihms and later converting the meta-data to 
represent it as a Graph. This unique research represents a BIM model as Graph.

#AutodeskUniversity2024_NoFluff_Presentation_Summaries

A blend of Revit API (C#, PyRevit), and Autodesk Platform Services helps optimize structures and reduce carbon emissions.

📌 Key Takeaways: 
• Integrate Large Language Models with Revit and Autodesk Platform Services for smarter structural optimization.
• Use graph databases like Neo4j for data handling.
• Combine AI and programming to enhance structural engineering.


💡 Practical tips:
→ Prepare BIM data using PyRevit and C# add-ins.
→ Query Revit models with Autodesk Platform Services and GraphQL for precise data retrieval.
→ Enhance AI models using knowledge graphs and Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG).


🛠️ Tools and technologies used:
• Revit and Revit API
• PyRevit
• C#/.NET
• Autodesk Platform Services (APS)
• GraphQL
• Neo4j (graph database)
• Langchain (AI framework)
• Karamba (Grasshopper plugin)
• Rhino.Inside Revit

How Revit (and API) was used:
Revit served as the foundation for structural models optimized using AI. Custom add-ins extracted data and operated external databases.

How AI was used:
LLMs optimized structural models and enhanced data querying.
